this is sour check videos hi today I'm
Sanjay videos we're checking out the
cave 504 k 504 was built in the USA in
1960 and 1961 it comes with 4 tubes it's
about 5 watts and has an 8 inch speaker
let's just kinda see
so these have basic setups like the
controls our volume tone and then it has
a tremolo which has a strength and speed
on it so let's just check the tremolo
real quick right here so I'll turn up
the strength quite a bit the speed about
mid
it sounds great really smooth see what
it sounds like with a little more volume
I'll turn up the volume to about nine
so it's pretty loud I think it sounds
pretty good let's see what it sounds
like with an overdrive pedal I'm using B
while C's overdrive pedal doesn't really
color the sound too much it just boosts
the signal so we can hear what the to
sound like out of here when they're
boosted
I'm just gonna max it on just for the
heck of it
let's put a little reverb on it just to
see what it sounds like I have this
reverb to pedal it's really nice
right that's just mixed pedals a pair
would throw a little distortion with the
reverb
let's take a quick look at this
particular app right here this specific
and it's mostly original but it does
have some added things and some
different things it has these brass
corner protectors which are really
really cool I like them a lot I will put
those on anything and then it has in the
back the knobs are chickenhead knobs
which I am pretty sure are not original
I've never seen them on any other cake
and then it has a Hammond transformer a
new Hammond transformer built into it
they even had a coal section to make it
fit because it's a little bigger than
the original don't know why they
replaced it if the old one went bad or
they just wanted a new sound but
everything else seems original the
speaker's the same original speaker as
the other ones I've seen it's a great
amp I really dig it it's pretty
lightweight it's not loud enough to you
know gig with it with a band but if
you're by yourself and just jamming or
gigging by yourself and be fine but a
drum would definitely overwhelm it
pretty quickly
that's it so thanks a lot for checking
out soundcheck videos and you have a
wonderful day